[Music]
twenty-two facts that'll change the way
you watch Game of Thrones Game of
Thrones continues to impress us with its
plot twists stories from behind the
scenes of our favorite TV show can be
just as interesting as the main plot
lines we explored some fun facts about
the series that you haven't yet heard
[Music]
watch the video to the end to learn a
surprising reason why Jon Snow will
probably never be killed in the show how
to say thank you there is no word for
thank you in Dothraki
[Music]
number 22 you can learn the Dothraki
language
do you want to speak like khal drogo
it's easy
the Dothraki language has a vocabulary
of over 3,000 words and continues to
grow the language was created by David
Joshua Peterson for the TV series the
success of Game of Thrones increase the
number of people who want to learn
Dothraki number 21 serve your own
pidgeandpie
[Music]
we all remember the famous pigeon pie
served at King Joffrey's wedding feast
the recipe for the pie was not created
by george RR martin he borrowed it from
the 16th century author giovanni de
Roselli on the set of the series the pie
was real fifteen thousand seven hundred
and eighty two number twenty Game of
Thrones is becoming a Harvard Class A
Game of Thrones themed history course
we'll examine the history and culture of
the medieval world that the series
relies on students will learn medieval
history through the lens of one of the
TV's biggest phenomenon number nineteen
it's the most pirated show Game of
Thrones hit all the possible ratings and
became the most pirated TV series of all
time a huge amount of people illegally
downloaded the show from torrent sites
for several years in a row Game of
Thrones has topped the list of the most
pirated shows the mother of dragons the
Khaleesi of the great grass see the
unburnt
the breaker of chains
number 18 mother of slugs in 2013
scientists explored Brazilian shores and
discovered a new species of sea slug the
discoverers chose a very unusual name
Tritonia Khaleesi
after the title Khaleesi used by the
fictitional character Daenerys Targaryen
[Music]
number 17 no audition for Tyrion Peter
Dinklage did not even have to audition
for the part of Tyrion Lannister the
directors had him in mind before the
start of the show he also suggested to
producers that his friend Lena Headey be
cast as Searcy Lannister
[Music]
number 16 George Bush's head on a spike
in one episode one of the spikes at the
red keep displays the prosthetic head of
a former president
the producers explained that this was
not meant as a political statement but
rather the use of material that happened
to be at hand
HBO apologized for this shot
number 15 a mixtape dedicated to Game of
Thrones HBO recorded an official album
of rap songs dedicated to Game of
Thrones arounds a thousand blades bronze
even 200 I've counted number 14
HBO sells the Iron Throne the directors
of the show sell replicas of the actual
Iron Throne for $30,000 height 7 feet 2
inches and weight 350 pounds great now
anyone can feel like the king of the
Seven Kingdoms number 13 Gandalf sword
is in the Iron Throne a replica of
Gandalf sword from the Lord of the Rings
and The Hobbit is forged inside the Iron
Throne
[Music]
Oh No
number 12 70 ways to say hodor Kristian
Nairn might not have the most complex
lines on the show but he sure had to
practice the pronunciation of Hodor he
mastered 70 ways of pronouncing his
character's name depending on his mood
seventy different ways can you imagine
number eleven
Madonna goes full Khaleesi Madonna is
actually another Game of Thrones fan
like all of us she asked the directors
of the show to lend her a famous
Daenerys costume to celebrate the Jewish
holiday of Purim number 10
a message in santa's dress
the costumes and dresses in the TV
series are skillfully made and perfectly
suit the occasions for which they are
worn
there is always an implicit meaning to
every outfit for example Sansa's
clothing has sent very deliberate
messages to her allies and her enemies
on multiple occasions her wedding dress
tells us her life story a trout and a
wolf on the belt mean that she was born
in House Stark and house Tully the lion
on the back means that she now belongs
to House Lannister number 9 maester
aemon's actor is also blind
[Music]
Peter Vaughn the actor who played
maester aemon was almost blind like his
character on the show
Vaughn recently died with his family
around him now his watch is over
[Music]
number eight Marcella and Tom and date
in real life Amy Richardson and Dean
Charles Chapman who both played series
children became a couple in real life
number seven John Snow and Arya Starks
original romance plot according to the
author of the saga george RR martin he
had a dramatic romance in store for john
and aria what can we say we are very
thankful that he gave up the idea and
mapped out John and Aria as bonded
outcasts of the stark clan instead of
tormented lovers number six four
characters for one actor Ian White has
portrayed four characters in Game of
Thrones a white Walker a nameless giant
Sir Gregor Clegane and the giant one-one
[Music]
number five
Catelyn Stark is the mother of her me
Owen Granger Michelle Fairley was very
dramatic in portraying the strong and
proud character Catelyn Stark but there
were few who noticed that she also
played her me owns mother in the Harry
Potter series
[Music]
number four viscera is related to
Dickens Harry Lloyd is an actor with
Dickens in his blood he happens to be a
direct descendant of the author number
three
Theon is Lily Alan's brother Alfie Allen
is best known for portraying Theon
Greyjoy in Game of Thrones he is also
the older brother a famous singer Lily
Allen
she was also invited to take part in the
series but turned down the chance to
play princess Yara Greyjoy alongside her
brother number two the walk of shame was
real most people considered Searcy's
walk of shame to be humiliating and
horrible her grueling public shaming was
based on a real-life incident george RR
martin revealed that he was inspired by
a case for medieval Britain the mistress
of King Edward the fourth was punished
in this way after Edward died number one
young george RR martin looks like Jon
Snow
[Music]
fans of the TV series have a lot of
theories about jon snow's destiny some
based on the obvious similarity between
martin and the young king of the north
does it mean that he won't kill Jon Snow
so which episode of Game of Thrones is
your favorite which character do you
like the most
share your thoughts in the comments
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and click subscribe to
join us on the bright side of life
[Music]
you